Questions

What is the status of the project Simpo?                              
Show me all work items created by Vasiq.
List all members of the MCU project.
What is the start and end date for the cycle titled test?
Find all documentation pages created by anand chikkam.
What is the current state of the work item test?
Show me the details for the project named TEST PMS, which belongs to the Jewellers Book business.
What is the email address for the project member Vikas?
List all projects that are marked as inactive.
Find all work items that are in the completed state.
Which modules are marked as a favourite?
Show me all documentation pages that have 'PUBLIC' visibility.
What is the role of  Vikas in Simpo Builder?
List all cycles that currently active.
What is the priority level for the work item sdvds?
Show me the list of sub states for a project .
Who is the creator of the page named fjkdhsfkhdsjf dskhdfudsfgjds fdsuhdsfhds?
Find all work items that are assigned to the test project.
What is the description for the cycle test?
List the display ID, name, and status for all projects
Find all projects after September 1.
List all tasks with a priority of High for Simpo Builder.
Find all tasks with title Simpo.
Get the total count of comments for work item test.
Find all work items that are Favourites.
List all projects that are currently archived.
Find the project lead's name for project simpo.
Get a list of all distinct status values across all tasks.
Find the total number of tasks created in the last 30 days.
Find tasks that have not been updated since 16 January.
Find tasks that have not been updated since 16 January.
Find all linked documents for a simpo business.
Find all members of a simpo project.
List all users with a assignee role.
Find all users who have a create project access.
Find all members who joined a project after a 12 aug 2024 joiningDate.
Count the total number of users in a jewellery business.
Find all comments on a task.
List all projects where the priority is high.
Count the number of messages of each type for a given work item.
Count the number of bugs in project isthara.
Get the count of tasks for each priority level within a isthara project.
Find the top 5 projects with the most tasks.
Calculate the average number of days a task remains in a not started status.
Get a list of all bugs in project simpo.
Find the projects where status is not started.
Find the most frequent assignee for tasks in a project isthara.
Find the projects whose state is Backlog
fetch the deatails of isthara.
Find the default assignee for a simpo project.
List all projects whose priority is high
Find the status of simpo project.
The project simpo is created by ?.
Get the list of team members of isthara
Find the name of a staff member given who created simpo.
Find all projects that have cycles in it.
Find all documents that have been locked in a project.
count the total team members in simpo.
Get all documents that have stickies set.
Fetch the deatils of simpo and isthara.
Find all documents in the workitem collection where the priority is low.
Find all documents of workitem that were updated after 2025 june.
Get the title of a work item given which is created by prince monga.
Find all projects with Admin Access.
List all projects avaliable
Find all linked documents for Isthara.
Find the description of Simpo.
Find the project with the most overdue work items, and then list all members of that project.
Who is the assignee that has completed the most urgent tasks in the last month? For that person, show their other in-progress tasks
Show me the 3 modules with the fewest open bugs. Then, for each of those modules, tell me who the primary assignee is
Find all projects where the creator's name is prince monga and which have at least one module assigned to Vivek.
Find all active cycles and list the high-priority work items within them.
Identify projects that have not been started and find their designated project lead.
Count the number of public pages created by anand chikkam.
List all modules that are marked as favorites and find who created them.
Find all completed work items assigned to A Vikas.
Retrieve all private pages and identify which project they belong to.
Find all admin role members and list the projects they are associated with.
Get all work items with UI in their title or description and check their current state.
List all cycles that are completed and find their start and end dates.
Find all archived projects and identify who created them.
Which project members are assigned to urgent work items in the WMS project?
What are the titles of public pages associated with projects led by prince monga?
Show me all active cycles that contain work items assigned to vasiq.
Find the email addresses of all members who are assigned to work items in the Sprint-1 cycle.
List all modules in the isthara project that have associated work items in the Backlog state.
Who is the lead of the project that contains the most completed work items?
What are the end dates for cycles associated with the AI Ready School project?
Find all work items created by members with the role guest.
List the titles of pages that are linked to projects where vivek is the creator.
How many high-priority work items are there in projects that are currently inactive?
